MUTAZIONE
gifs:
- Dialogue UI (fart scene)
- Garden UI (planting preview)
- Point and click mouse control (show snapping)

Though initially hired as a game feel expert by Die Gute Fabrik to do very focused work, my role quickly shifted and extended to leading the design and programming of the user interaction, character control, UI and gameplay for the game.
Mutazione was already a project with a long history when I joined the team so an important part of my work was to understand and interiorize the tone and aesthetics of the game to refine the existing prototype into expressing them in the game mechanics and the player interaction.

One of the challenges in designing the dialogue UI was to make players naturally be able to notice and enjoy the animations while reading the text. The spatial proximity between speech bubbles and characters not only clarifies who says what but also keeps the players eyes close enough to the area of the screen where most animations happen so their eyes are naturally guided between text and animation throughout conversations. Given how heavily centered around text-based conversations the game is, this was of particular importance to achieve the maximum narrative impact.

A typical problem with point and click controls is effectively signalling what areas of the background the player can move in. Surprisingly, most, if not all, modern games with point and click controls tend to force players to resort to trial and error and being very precise with their input when finding a valid destination to move their character to.
To deal with this problem we let players click almost anywhere on the screen and find the closest valid position automatically for the character to move to while always showing both where the cursor is and where the closest valid position is. In this way we reduce the need for precision by interpreting player input in context to predict player intent and intuitively communicate how the input works without the frustration that can sometimes come with adjusting player input.

The gardens in Mutazione are procedural music jukeboxes where your plants form intricate compositions in real time based on their state. We needed to communicate which aspects of how plants work in real life were represented in the game without overwhelming the player with information. For instance, the fact that plants have space requirements to grow fully was shown wordlessly by previewing how far the plant would grow as the player moved the cursor over the soil.